link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/kazdenjolley/pen/rNjzrxQ?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        html that uses elements that are human and machine readable.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        Structuring website
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Attribute goes inside of opening html tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        h1 is for the main header. It should only be used one time.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        anchor tag and image tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        information about the document
    7. What is an id? 
        html attribute used to identify a certain elements  
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        any html element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        one time
    10. What is a class? 
        html attribute
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        any html element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        as many times as I want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        use target="_blank" attribute
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        naming the image for someone who can't see it
    15. How do I reference an id?
        id="id_name"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        a section is semantic for a section of the page. A div can be any chunk of html
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        styling the sheet
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{declaration}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        id is for identifying a specific html element and is only used once <div id="special_div">
        class is used for styling one or more pieces of html. css is reused. <section class="favorite">
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human{declaration}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        >. It is used to style each child element of a parent element. 
        It would be useful if you wanted to style each <span> in a <section> 'section > span{}'
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div.sidebar > a{declaration}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        used to define a special state of an element i.e. a mouse hovering over a <p> element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase, lowercase, capitalize 
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotted black
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        body
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /*comment*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm. it cannot be undone
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        It is a good way to keep track of the history of a project and allows multiple developers
        to work on the same project at the same time
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        relatively frequently. Commit new features and/or complex functions
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin branchname
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        fork
        clone
        branch
        make changes
        'git add .'
        'git commit -m "message"'
        'git push -u origin branch'
        pull-request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?